WIP PR for BXMSDOC-6835: Release notes docs for DM and PAM 7.10 (#100)
kaldesai/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/release-notes/rn-7.10-known-issues-ref.adoc

[id='rn-7.10-known-issues-ref']
= Known issues in {PRODUCT} {ENTERPRISE_VERSION_LONG}

This section lists known issues with {PRODUCT} {PRODUCT_VERSION}.

== {CENTRAL}

ifdef::PAM[]

> .Unable to display the new dashboard data when you open the Dashbuilder Runtime from {CENTAL} again [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3411[RHPAM-3411]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Unable to display the new dashboard data when you open the Dashbuilder Runtime from the {CENTRAL} again [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3411[RHPAM-3411]]
```

> Issue: You cannot see the new dashboard data when you open the Dashbuilder Runtime from {CENTAL} again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: You cannot see the new dashboard data when you open the Dashbuilder Runtime from the {CENTRAL} again
```

Steps to reproduce:

. In {CENTRAL}, select the *Admin* icon in the upper-right corner of the screen and select *Dashbuilder Data Transfer*.
. On the *Dashbuilder Data Transfer* page, click *Custom export*.
. Select *Export Wizard* and click *Open*.
+
You can see the Dashbuilder Runtime home page. If you are not logged in, you are redirected to the log in page.
. Go to *Dashboards* → *Runtime Dashboards*.
. Return to {CENTRAL}.
. Create a new dashboard and click *Open*.
+
The old dashboard is displayed instead of the newly created dashboard.

Workaround: None.

.Unable to find heatmap component feature on Windows [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3412[RHPAM-3412]]

> Issue: In Windows, when you add heatmap component properties, you receive *Not Found* error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: In Windows, when you add heatmap component properties, you receive a *Not Found* error message.
```

Workaround: None.

.Heatmap dashboard fails on multi-mode [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3408[RHPAM-3408]]

> Issue: In Dashbuilder Runtime, when you set the `dashbuilder.runtime.multi` system property to `true` while you try to import the heatmap dashboard, you receive an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: In Dashbuilder Runtime, when you set the `dashbuilder.runtime.multi` system property to `true` while importing the heatmap dashboard, you receive an error.
```

Workaround: None.

.Unable to display heatmap internal component [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3401[RHPAM-3401]]

> Issue: In Page authoring, the categories for provided heatmap internal components are not displayed by default.

Reviewer: I'd suggest not to capitalize the word page. 
```suggestion
Issue: The categories for provided heatmap internal components are not displayed by default while page authoring. 
```

Workaround: Set the `dashbuilder.components.enable` system property to `true`.

endif::[]

> .You cannot manage a list of structures in test scenario editor, you receive an exception [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1590[RHDM-1590]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.When you manage a list of structures in the test scenario editor, it throws an exception [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1590[RHDM-1590]]
```

> Issue: In test scenario editor, when you try to delete an item from a list of structures with nested structures, an exception is thrown with a message that it is not helpful to the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: In the test scenario editor, when you delete an item from a list of nested structures, you receive an exception with an inappropriate message.
```

Steps to reproduce:

. Import the project attached in the https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1590[RHDM-1590] issue.
. Open the `Test Math Functions` test scenario.
. In the *GIVEN* column, double-click the `List(3)` in the first row under the `numbers` value.
. Click the bin icon to delete the first item in the list.
. Click *Save*.
+
You receive *Uncaught exception: Exception caught: (TypeError) : Cannot read property 'Tc' of undefined Caused by: (TypeError) : Cannot read property 'Tc' of undefined* exception.

Workaround: None.

> .*Settings* panel is not updated when you make the changes in the the *DMN model* field [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1589[RHDM-1589]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.*Settings* panel is not updated when you make the changes in the *DMN model* field [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1589[RHDM-1589]]
```

> Issue: In an existing DMN test scenario file, when you change the *DMN model* field, the related *DMN name* and *DMN namespace* read-only fields are not updated. The content of the *Settings* panel is out of sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: In an existing DMN test scenario file, when you change the *DMN model* field, the related *DMN name* and *DMN namespace* read-only fields are not updated. The content of the *Settings* panel is not syncronized.
```

Steps to reproduce:

. Open any existing test Scenario for DMN model.
. Open the *Settings* panel.
. Change the value of *DMN model* field.
. Verify the values of *DMN name* and *DMN namespace* fields.

Workaround: Close and reopen the asset.
ifdef::PAM[]

== Process Designer

.JavaScript language in an *On Entry Action* causes an unexpected system error after changing node to *Multiple Instance* [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3409[RHPAM-3409]]

Issue: In the *Properties* panel, if the language is set to JavaScript in an *On Entry Action* property and you change the node to *Multiple Instance*, you receive an unexpected system error.

Steps to reproduce:

. Create a new business process.
. Create a task that contains *Multiple Instance* property.

> . Enter any string to *On Entry Action* property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter any string to the *On Entry Action* property.
```

. Change the language to JavaScript.

> . Set the value of *Multiple Instance* property to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the value of the *Multiple Instance* property to `true`.
```

> Expected result: No errors occur either in user interface or server log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expected result: No errors occur in the user interface or server log.
```

Actual result: You receive an unexpected system error.

Workaround: None.

> .Service task thumbnails are large in documentations [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-2759[RHPAM-2759]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Service task thumbnails are large in documentation [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-2759[RHPAM-2759]]
```

Issue: Service task thumbnails are large as compared to other nodes thumbnails in *Documentation*.

Steps to reproduce:

. Import the `thumbnails.bpmn` process attached in the https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-2759[RHPAM-2759] issue.
. Create a service task.
. Close and reopen the process.
. Open the *Documentation* tab and scroll down.

> Expected result: Service task thumbnails are of the same size as as compared to other nodes thumbnails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expected result: Service task thumbnails are of the same size as compared to other thumbnails.
```

> Actual result: Service task thumbnails are large as compared to other nodes thumbnails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actual result: Service task thumbnails are large as compared to other thumbnails.
```

Workaround: None.

> .Missing `structureRef` for message event when you create a process [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3437[RHPAM-3437]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.`structureRef` is missing for message event when creating a process [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3437[RHPAM-3437]]
```

Issue: When you create a new process, the message event does not contain the `structureRef` in the generated BPMN file.

Steps to reproduce:

. Create a new process.
. Add message start event and message end event.
. Configure the message for the nodes.
. Add a new process variable to the process.
. Add a newly created process variable as an input or output of both the nodes.
+
The generated BPMN file does not contain the `structureRef` for `endMessageType`, as per the following example:

> [source]

Reviewer: I'd suggest aligning this source code. Add a `+` between the sentence and [source].

----
<bpmn2:itemDefinition id="endMessageType"/>
<bpmn2:message id="_Icr1JGVqEeuMVv5wG-FCkw" itemRef="endMessageType" name="endMessage"/>
----

> Workaround: Perform the same steps in desktop VSCode editor, the correct BPMN file is generated, as per the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workaround: Perform the same steps in the VSCode editor in desktop, the correct BPMN file is generated, as per the following example:
```

[source]
----
<bpmn2:itemDefinition id="personMessageType" structureRef="com.javierito.Person"/>
<bpmn2:message id="_bRr10EeVEDmMS7uvL9VDoA" itemRef="personMessageType" name="personMessage"/>
----

== {PROCESS_ENGINE}

.The *Data I/O* of a reusable sub-process does not return any implicit data [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3429[RHPAM-3429]]

> Issue: When you use the *Data I/O* variables like `nodeInstance`, `event`, and `workItem`, a reusable sub-process does not return any implicit data. All the returned values are null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: When you use the *Data I/O* variables such as `nodeInstance`, `event`, and `workItem`, a reusable sub-process does not return any implicit data. All the returned values are null.
```

Steps to reproduce:

. Import the `ThrowAnError.bpmn` and `ThrowErrorEventTest.bpmn` assets attached in the https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3429[RHPAM-3429] issue.
. Build and deploy the project.
. Execute the `ThrowErrorEventTest` process.
. Check the logs on the terminal for the variable values.
+
You receive null values of the variables.

Workaround: None.

.The *Data I/O* of an implicit event variable returns a `null` value for some node types [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3428[RHPAM-3428]]

> Issue: When you use the *Data I/O* variables like an implicit `event` variable, you receive a `null` value for some node types in return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: When you use the *Data I/O* variables such as an implicit `event` variable, a `null` value for some node types is returned.
```

Steps to reproduce:

. Import the assets attached in the https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3428[RHPAM-3428] issue.
. Build and deploy the project.
. Check the logs of an application server on the terminal for the variable value.
+
You receive a `null` value for the `event` variable.

Workaround: None.

endif::[]

== DMN designer

.Undo operations are not visible in standalone DMN editor [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1561[RHDM-1561]]

> Issue: When you change any value in the *Properties* panel and click *Undo* right away without collapsing the *Properties* panel, the changed value is not reflected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: In the standalone DMN editor, when you change any value in the *Properties* panel and click *Undo* without collapsing the *Properties* panel, the changed value is not reflected.
```

Workaround: To reflect the changes, you can collapse and expand the *Properties* panel again.

> .Standalone DMN editor is missing `isDirty` indication on data type or included models [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1560[RHDM-1560]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Standalone DMN editor is missing `isDirty` indication on data types or included models [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1560[RHDM-1560]]
```

> Issue: The `subscribeToContentChanges` API method fails to reflect the changes made in data type or included models. As a result, save, discard,undo, and redo operations are not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: The `subscribeToContentChanges` API method fails to reflect the changes that are made in a data type or included models. As a result, save, discard, undo, and redo operations are not available.
```
